c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\bin\Debug\PimsMine.exe.config
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\bin\Debug\PimsMine.exe
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\bin\Debug\PimsMine.pdb
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.billingForm.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.billingGrid.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.doctorNotesForm.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.doctorsNotesGrid.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.insuranceForm.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.insuranceGrid.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.locationForm.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.locationGrid.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.loginForm.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.mainForm.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.mainGrid.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.nurseNotes.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.nurseNotesGrid.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.patientForm.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.prescriptionForm.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.prescriptionGrid.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.visitorsGrid.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.GUI.volunteerGrid.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.exe
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.pdb
F:\PimsMine\PimsMine\bin\Debug\PimsMine.exe.config
F:\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.exe
F:\PimsMine\PimsMine\obj\Debug\PimsMine.pdb
